Russel -> Russell (#114)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: events/isc-spring-2020-coronavirus.md

---
layout: page
title: 'InnerSource Commons Spring Summit 2020 and COVID-19'
---

### COVID-19 and InnerSource Commons Events

**Update (March 5, 2020)**. The InnerSource Commons takes very seriously the current coronavirus situation and the safety of all of the participants. We are following recommended guidelines from the Spanish Government Health Ministry (SGHM) and the World Health Organization (WHO).

> The InnerSource Commons Spring Summit is taking place on the 14th-16th April 2020, Madrid, Spain. And we are taking into account several recommendations aligned with the SGHM and WHO and acordding to the following map referring to [areas of risk (marked as red, yellow and green)](https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/ccayes/alertasActual/nCov-China/areas.htm). There are recommendations suggested by the [Spanish government](https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/ccayes/alertasActual/nCov-China/documentos/Recomendaciones_regreso_area_riesgo.pdf) for those coming from these areas. Both of these documents are in Spanish, but they're following the WHO general recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InnerSource Commons Spring Summit is taking place on the 14th-16th April 2020, Madrid, Spain.

For planning and conducting the summit, we are taking into account the SGHM and WHO general recommendations. Specifically, we use a [list of recommendations] (https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/ccayes/alertasActual/nCov-China/documentos/Recomendaciones_regreso_area_riesgo.pdf) compiled by the Spanish government based on a map of [areas of risk] (https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/ccayes/alertasActual/nCov-China/areas.htm) (marked as red, yellow, and green).
```

> There is a specific [notification](https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/sanidadExterior/salud/pdf/CARTEL_INGLES_CORONAVIRUS_COVID_19_02.pdf) (English) for travelers arriving from affected areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For attendees* there is a specific [notification](https://www.mscbs.gob.es/profesionales/saludPublica/sanidadExterior/salud/pdf/CARTEL_INGLES_CORONAVIRUS_COVID_19_02.pdf) (English) for travelers arriving from affected areas.
```

> If you're coming from any of these areas, please contact us (as for instance dizquierdo at bitergia dot com) to consider or not your attendance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are residing in on of these risk areas or will travel there in the period before the summit, please contact us (for instance Daniel at `dizquierdo at bitergia dot com`) and we can jointly work out a solution for your attendance or - if not possible - virtual presence at the summit.
```

Reviewer 2: You're really diplomatic, thanks ;).

In addition to this, the InnerSource Commons will take the following actions:

Before the event takes place:
* We will keep updating the information about the outbreak and keep informing you, as well as updating if needes specific actions required.

During the event:

> * We will provide sanitizer alcohol based for hands, wipes, and facemasks. This last in case you feel sick during the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will provide alcohol-based sanitizer as well as wipes and facemasks.
```

> * We will remind attendees the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will remind attendees of the following actions:
```

  * Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or elbow if you sneeze or cough.
  * Avoid physical contact with other attendes and practice a non-handshaking policy.

>   * Wash your hands frequently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Wash your hands frequently and thoroughly.
```

> * We will sanitize all surfaces and microphones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will sanitize all surfaces and microphones.
```
